Github Action & Cleanup (#8)
991jo/asciimation: README.md

# Contributing

Feel free to add your own animations.

> (It would be nice ifyour code is formatted by running `cargo fmt` and passes `cargo clippy` without any issues.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(It would be nice if your code is formatted by running `cargo fmt` and passes `cargo clippy` without any issues.)
```
